feat(serverless): add more entries in faq/troubleshooting (#3477)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/containers/reference-content/containers-limitations.mdx

| Secret environment variables                      | Max size       | 65536 bytes      | Secret environment variable |
| Time before scale to zero                         | Time           | 15 minutes       | Instance                    |
| Time before scale down                            | Time           | 30 seconds       | Instance                    |
| Timeout\***                                       | Max            | 15 minutes       | Request                     |
| Logs                                              | Logs           | 30000 per minute | Project                     |

\* Lower limits may apply before account verification. Contact our support team if you have any questions.

\** Total container memory is the sum of the memory allocated to all your containers at their maximum Scale.

> \*** For longer tasks it's recommended to use Serverless Jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\*** For longer tasks it is recommended to use Serverless Jobs.
```
